Atomicfu Js/Ir compiler plugin supported in the gradle plugin (#215)
Kotlin/kotlinx.atomicfu: README.md

}
```

## IR transformation for Kotlin/JS

There is a new option to turn on IR transformation for Kotlin/Js backend.

> You should add `kotlinx.atomicfu.enableIrTransformation=true` to your `gradle.properties` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add `kotlinx.atomicfu.enableIrTransformation=true` to your `gradle.properties` file in order to enable it.
```
